Init shell for posthog code docs (#16472)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/posthog-code/posthog-integration.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: @k11kirky i can help write this page, but would love ur input on what we'll be shipping in v0 with the enrichment stuff

---
title: PostHog integration
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
---

> PostHog Code brings all of your PostHog context – product data, flags, experiments, and errors into the agent's context in real time. If you don't use PostHog, PostHog Code still works as a general-purpose coding agent; the integration adds context, it isn't a hard dependency.

Author: ```suggestion
PostHog Code works best with access to PostHog context. By referencing product data, flags, experiments, and errors into the agent's context in real time, PostHog Code can make informed product suggestions and changes. 

If you don't use PostHog, PostHog Code still works as a general-purpose coding agent; the integration adds context, it isn't a hard dependency.
```

## Built-in PostHog skills

PostHog Code ships a curated set of [skills](/docs/posthog-code/skills) that the agent loads automatically:

- `instrument-product-analytics`, `instrument-feature-flags`, `instrument-error-tracking`, `instrument-llm-analytics`, `instrument-logs` – wire up PostHog SDKs in any supported language
- `creating-experiments`, `configuring-experiment-analytics`, `managing-experiment-lifecycle` – run A/B tests end to end
- `query-examples`, `exploring-llm-traces`, `exploring-llm-clusters` – work with HogQL and LLM analytics data
- `setting-up-a-data-warehouse-source`, `diagnosing-failed-warehouse-syncs`, `auditing-warehouse-data-health` – manage data pipelines

These update independently of the desktop app, so you get new skills without waiting for a release.

## Built-in PostHog MCP

> PostHog's [MCP server](/docs/model-context-protocol) is wired up out of the box. Once you sign in, the agent can query your project for insights, dashboards, flags, experiments, and errors – useful for prompts like "did my last deploy regress conversion?" or "build me a dashboard for the new checkout flow".

Author: I would consider puttinb a list of prompts with deep links ;) if possible

You don't need to install or configure the MCP server separately. It's authenticated with the same session you use to sign in.

## Enricher

The enricher detects PostHog SDK calls in your source and pulls live context from your PostHog project so the agent (and you) can reason about real impact, not just code.

When you open a file or stage a diff, PostHog Code parses it and finds:

- `capture()` calls and the events they emit
- Feature flag checks (`isFeatureEnabled`, `getFeatureFlag`, etc.)
- `init()` calls and SDK configuration
- Variant branches based on flag values

> For each detection, it fetches the matching record from PostHog – flag rollout and staleness, experiment status, event volume and unique users, last-seen timestamps – and surfaces it inline:

Author: ```suggestion
For each detection, it fetches the matching record from PostHog. Flag rollout and staleness, experiment status, event volume and unique users, and last-seen timestamps are surfaced inline:
```

> ```ts

Author: possibly confusing that it's adding comments. Maybe screenshots are better here, not sure
